README.md, before:

Travis build: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/understrap/understrap.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/understrap/understrap)

#### See: [Official Demo](https://understrap.com/understrap) | Read: [Official Docs Page](https://understrap.github.io/)

# EHRI Wordpress Theme

Website: [https://blog.ehri-project.eu](https://blog.ehri-project.eu)

## About

A Wordpress theme for the EHRI Document Blog based on the UnderStrap framework.

## License
EHRI WordPress Theme, Copyright 2019 King's College London
Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL version 2

http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html

## Developing With npm, Gulp and SASS and [Browser Sync][1]

### Installing Dependencies
- Make sure you have installed Node.js and Browser-Sync (optional) on your computer globally
- Then open your terminal and browse to the location of your UnderStrap copy
- Run: `$ npm install`

### Running
To work with and compile your Sass files on the fly start:

- `$ gulp watch`

Or, to run with Browser-Sync:

- First change the browser-sync options to reflect your environment in the file `/gulpconfig.json` in the beginning of the file:
```javascript
{
    "browserSyncOptions" : {
        "proxy": "localhost/theme_test/", // <----- CHANGE HERE
        "notify": false
    },
    ...
};
```
- then run: `$ gulp watch-bs`

Licenses & Credits
=
- UnderStrap: http://understrap.com | (Code licensed under GNU GPL v2.0)
- Font Awesome: http://fontawesome.io/license (Font: SIL OFL 1.1, CSS: MIT License)
- Bootstrap: http://getbootstrap.com | https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE (Code licensed under MIT documentation under CC BY 3.0.)
and of course
- jQuery: https://jquery.org | (Code licensed under MIT)
- WP Bootstrap Navwalker by Edward McIntyre: https://github.com/twittem/wp-bootstrap-navwalker | GNU GPL
- Bootstrap Gallery Script based on Roots Sage Gallery: https://github.com/roots/sage/blob/5b9786b8ceecfe717db55666efe5bcf0c9e1801c/lib/gallery.php

Commit message:

Add initial lightbox theming support

README.md, after:

Travis build: [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/understrap/understrap.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/understrap/understrap)

#### See: [Official Demo](https://understrap.com/understrap) | Read: [Official Docs Page](https://understrap.github.io/)

# EHRI Wordpress Theme

Website: [https://blog.ehri-project.eu](https://blog.ehri-project.eu)

## About

A Wordpress theme for the EHRI Document Blog based on the UnderStrap framework.

## License
EHRI WordPress Theme, Copyright 2019 King's College London
Distributed under the terms of the GNU GPL version 2

http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.en.html

## Developing With npm, Gulp and SASS and [Browser Sync][1]

### Installing Dependencies
- Make sure you have installed Node.js and Browser-Sync (optional) on your computer globally
- Then open your terminal and browse to the location of your UnderStrap copy
- Run: `$ npm install`

### Running
To work with and compile your Sass files on the fly start:

- `$ gulp watch`

Or, to run with Browser-Sync:

- First change the browser-sync options to reflect your environment in the file `/gulpconfig.json` in the beginning of the file:
```javascript
{
    "browserSyncOptions" : {
        "proxy": "localhost/theme_test/", // <----- CHANGE HERE
        "notify": false
    },
    ...
};
```
- then run: `$ gulp watch-bs`

### Supported Plugins

This theme includes some theming support for the following plugins:

 - Contextual Related Posts (CRP)
 - Simple Lightbox (SLB)

It is also assumed that the Widget Context plugin is used to control the display of sidebar widgets in posts and pages.

Licenses & Credits
=
- UnderStrap: http://understrap.com | (Code licensed under GNU GPL v2.0)
- Font Awesome: http://fontawesome.io/license (Font: SIL OFL 1.1, CSS: MIT License)
- Bootstrap: http://getbootstrap.com | https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/blob/master/LICENSE (Code licensed under MIT documentation under CC BY 3.0.)
and of course
- jQuery: https://jquery.org | (Code licensed under MIT)
- WP Bootstrap Navwalker by Edward McIntyre: https://github.com/twittem/wp-bootstrap-navwalker | GNU GPL
- Bootstrap Gallery Script based on Roots Sage Gallery: https://github.com/roots/sage/blob/5b9786b8ceecfe717db55666efe5bcf0c9e1801c/lib/gallery.php
